makeup with glasses tricks and tips
to make a makeup with glasses
we have to take into account the frame and
the prescription is to say if we have
myopia hyperopia or astigmatism
If you use contact lenses, always apply them
before applying makeup or otherwise
you wear glasses you will have to get close
To the mirror use a magnifying mirror
or with a hand mirror
lately the skin is very fresh
and very natural for that reason for the newspaper os
I recommend that you use something very light
or a drink of cream that yes if you take
glasses it is important that I illuminate jce well
the whole area of the dark circles to avoid
that are dark and make us shadows
and think about fixing the makeup
especially in this area if you have
astigmatism the crystal does not modify the
size of your eye but if you suffer
myopia the eye looks smaller so
I recommend you use shadows
clear
what you can do is catch a shadow
of taupe color apply it right in the
fold to give volume
delineate the eye in black or brown
with a white cream-colored pencil
make up the water line we illuminate the
eyebrow and lacrimal arch we use
the eyelashes to open the look and the
we work well
we apply several layers and ready
If you have hyperopia in this case,
eyes always look bigger because of that
to compensate you can use smoked
or dark shadows and I recommend that
avoid using all over the eyelid one
pearly shade blur well the
smoked so you do not see cuts
you can make up the water line in
black or brown and with a single layer of
mascara you will have enough
if the glasses are very striking better
use soft makeups and if the
eyes you leave them softer you can
make up a little more the lips
If your saddle is thick os
I recommend that you use an outline that
be marked thick with very shadows
soft
and as the cap of the glasses is all
the attention to your look
we have to wear our eyebrows well
arranged and made up
I hope that you have been helpful
video that you liked to leave your
thumbs up comment subscribe to
I ready my channel and social networks
the secret web of girls dot - com os
I send a big kiss and see you soon
in the next video